President-elect Bill Clinton’s advisers originally considerer his wife Hillary 
, who can make (him) impressive 40-minute speech without notes, as their secret weapon. Hillary had her tole, her (**ne)-table ad her own staff in the election campaign, but few campaigners people would ask her why she wasn’t the candidate, why she herself (wasn’t) running. «Elect him, and you get me, « has Hillary Clinton’s usual retort. «Bey one, get the second free,» declared Covernor Bill Clinton, (**) the small southern stats of Arkansas, from (**obile) rostrums.

In the final frenzied days of the presidential race, whenever the Democratic candidate, suffer-(**g) from allergy and strained vocal chords, lost (his) voice completely, his wife would take over. (She) attacked her husband’s challengers with the (skill) and rhetoric of an experienced lawyer. Fol-(**wing) her addresses the crowd would roar, « Bil-lary! Bil-lary!» The people of their home (*wn) Little Rock paraded signs, «Hillary for White House» on their car bumpers as if it was (**e), and not her husband, who was the chief rival (F) Republican President George Bush and independent candidate Rosss Perot.

In one of his interviews Bill Clinton said it was Hillary who persuaded him to run for the presidency. He also admitted that his wife was far better organized, more in control, more eloquent and more intelligent. The latter is especially remarkable because it comes from a man who, ()spired early in his life by John F.Kennedy’s example, had made a public and political career ()is life-long ambition. Success came to him early, ()o: at 31 he was elected the Governor of Arkansas for the first time.

But it is not only her husband who speaks for Hillary. Nobody knew anything about Barbara Bush, now dubbed «America;s Grandma» and ()e «silver Fox», before her husband George ()epped up from vice-presidency to presidency. ()olumes were written about Hillary Clinton, her () and her character, long before she became America’s first lady.

LOVE AND CARRER (2)

In 1988 and 1991, The National Law Journal included Hillary’s name among America’s 100 most influential lawyers. Until recently she made approximately three times more money than her governar-husband and was the main bread-winner in the family. She is 45 and a mother of 12-yers-old daughter christened Chelsea in memory of a romantic sojourn in London. For ten years, the lines of peer in Arkansas ran 14  blocks from the governor’s mansion to the red brick Rose building where his wife specialized in legal defense of trade marks and copyrights, at the same time being a member of the board of several major companies.

Hillary is also known to have inspired the education reform in Arkansas. As a result of these innovations, teachers now have to take proficiency tests. At the begging, when Hillary went to schools to promote her ideas, she was hisses at, but eventually she  managed to win the majority over to her side. Also, Hillary is quite well known as a public figure who testified before Congress o several occasions to promote family and children’s legislation. She was elected President of the Children’s Defence Fund.

Americans know quite a lot about Hillary’s early career, too. In 1969, Hillary Rodham, 22, born in Chicago, graduated with honours from Wellesley College and delivered an extraordinary graduation peach on the students’ behalf. She was admitted to Yale Law School and met her future husband there. It happened when she was walking down a corridor during an intermission and heard a strange, persuasive voice saying, «And not only that, we grow the biggest watermelons in the world!». «Who is that?» she asked. «That’s Bill Clinton from Arkansas, and that’s all ever talks about,» her friend replied.

LOVE AND CARRER (3)

A short time ago Bill Clinton admitted public that he took to Hillary at first sight b() had very ambivalent feeling about getting () volved with her. On the very first-date he told he() she was a great person and could have a great life. But he had to go home, because «it’s just who  I am.» Indeed, upon graduation from Yale Bill left for home, and Hillary made America() history the following year when the House of Representatives invited her to work on the Ju()diciary Committee inquiry preparing the impeachment case against President Richard Nixon. For six months the group worked 2() hours a day, and finally Nixon had to resig() under public pressure.

Nevertheless, Hillary Rodham gave up her dreams of a brilliant career and law practice in New York or Washington and mover to Arkansas to marry Bill. Love triumphed. Astrologist say they where ration and emotions are dispute Scorpions yield to emotions. Hillary’s birthday is in late October.

 